my life was pretty enriched I have two
kids we live near Boston and I'm married
to a firefighter everything was normal
in my life and then all of a sudden I
got a really bad headache that wouldn't
go away
high fever uncontrollable vomiting and I
went blind they got me to the hospital
and did a CT scan and right away because
how they had an acoustic neuroma an
acoustic neuroma is a tumor that
gradually takes the hearing as the tumor
grows that causes balance problems and
for her her tumor started to get large
enough that it started to cause some
numbness in the face so it's pushing on
a nerve called the trigeminal nerve
which gives you sensation to your face
so she not only had hearing loss but had
other what we call cranial nerve
findings and so we went with a doctor in
our area had an operation that didn't go
very well unfortunately they were unable
to remove much of the tumor at all I
knew I had to have another surgery she
was obviously desperate enough to come
all the way across the country to try to
get a solution to her problem
originally when I did my research on dr.
Janata and dr. Friedman I knew that they
were the best and that they could help
me both dr. Friedman and I saw her
evaluated her and saw how much the tumor
had grown since her previous surgery we
thought that her tumor was too large for
the alternative treatment which is
stereotactic radiosurgery using for the
most part the Gamma Knife she had what
we call a microscopic total removal of
her tumor which means by all accounts
she's had a surgical cure I was really
concerned about my facial nerves he and
facial paralysis which really is
probably at the top concern of everyone
who has an acoustic neuroma when we do
this surgery we exercise that judgment
as far as balancing getting as much or
all the tumor out versus doing something
permanent to the facial nerve and so we
were able to preserve her facial nerve
and within several days to a week her
facial nerve function was back to normal
to the point where she was posting
selfie pictures which is always a good
sign since the surgery it's been about a
week and I would say I feel almost a
hundred percent normal so that's huge I
just I feel like I have my life back
I really believe she's she's on the road
back to the person that she is before
her first surgery some of the other
firemen that I work with they had
arranged a benefit night for us and
raised some money for us which helped
and then leading up to this second
surgery there were these envelopes going
around to each station and guys were
pulling out money out of their own
pockets and and filling that envelope
and eventually that was handed to me on
my last day before we left to come out
here and it covered about half of our
deductibles just very grateful and
humbled that they were able to do that
for us and I hope to repay them someday
somehow
I'm liking him too yeah what I'd like to
say to dr. Jia nada and dr. Freedman
basically is thank you for giving me my
my wife back I'm really glad I got my
wife back and thank you and it's never
gonna be enough that's all I can say
you